Certificate Renewal in Connectivity Certs Controller (#3650)
kyma-project/kyma: components/connectivity-certs-controller/README.md

apiVersion: applicationconnector.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: CertificateRequest
metadata:
  name: {CERTIFICATE_REQUEST_NAME}
spec:
  csrInfoUrl: "{CSR_INFO_URL_WITH_TOKEN}"
EOF
```

After a successful exchange of certificates, the controller creates new Secrets or modifies the existing ones that correspond to the updated certificates. The CertificateRequest CR is deleted.

## Connection status

When certificates are fetched successfully the `CentralConnection` CR is created.

> It contains the `ManagementInfoURL`, status of a connection with central the Connector Service and the certificate validity period.

Author: Done

> It contains the `ManagementInfoURL`, status of a connection with the central Connector Service and the certificate validity period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains **ManagementInfoURL**, the status of a connection with the central Connector Service, and the certificate validity period.
```

> The `CentralConnection` CR is created with the same name as a name of `CertificateRequest` for which connection was established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CentralConnection CR is created with the same name as the name of `CertificateRequest` for which the connection was established.
```

> To get `CentralConnection` run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the CentralConnection CR, run:
```

```
kubectl get centralconnections.applicationconnector.kyma-project.io {CENTRAL_CONNECTION_NAME} -oyaml
```

> The example resource looks like that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example resource looks as follows:
```

```
apiVersion: applicationconnector.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: CentralConnection
metadata:
  name: my-connection
spec:
  establishedAt: "2019-04-10T08:47:38Z"
  managementInfoUrl: https://connector-service.central.io/v1/runtimes/management/info
status:
  certificateStatus:
    notAfter: "2019-07-11T08:47:38Z"
    notBefore: "2019-04-10T08:47:38Z"
  synchronizationStatus:
    lastSuccess: "2019-04-10T09:01:06Z"
    lastSync: "2019-04-10T09:01:06Z"
```

> The Connectivity Certs Controller checks a status of the connection by calling `ManagementInfoURL` stored in `CentralConnection` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Connectivity Certs Controller checks the connection status by calling **ManagementInfoURL** stored in the CentralConnection CR.
```

## Certificate renewal

> Connectivity Certs Controller renews client certificate when it is getting close to its expiration time. Renewed certificate will replace the previous one in the Secret together with new private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Connectivity Certs Controller renews a client certificate when it gets close to the expiration time. A renewed certificate will replace the previous one in the Secret together with a new private key.
```

> To renew the certificate immediately `spec.RenewNow` field on `CentralConnection` should be set to `true`. 

Author: The behavior is described correctly as after updating `CentralConnection`, it is rescheduled by the controller immediately and therefore synchronized.

> To renew the certificate immediately `spec.renewNow` field on `CentralConnection` should be set to `true`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To renew the certificate, set the **spec.renewNow** field in the CentralConnection CR to `true`. 
```

```
kubectl get certificaterequests.applicationconnector.kyma-project.io {CERT_REQUEST_NAME} -o jsonpath={.status.error}
```

> Similarly if the synchronization with central Connector Service or certificate renewal fails, the error status will be set on `CentralConnection` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, if the synchronization with the central Connector Service or the certificate renewal fails, the error status will be displayed in the CentralConnection CR.
```

> To check it, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the error status, run:
```
